AXONIQ OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT – v1.0

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (THIS "AGREEMENT"), WHICH
CONSTITUTES A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT AND GOVERNS ALL OF YOUR USE OF
ALL OF THE SOFTWARE WITH WHICH THIS AGREEMENT IS INCLUDED ("SOFTWARE")
THAT IS PROVIDED IN OBJECT CODE FORMAT, AND, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION
2 BELOW, THE SOFTWARE THAT IS PROVIDED IN SOURCE CODE FORMAT. BY
INSTALLING OR USING ANY OF THE SOFTWARE GOVERNED BY THIS AGREEMENT, YOU
ARE ASSENTING TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE WITH SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL OR USE THE
SOFTWARE GOVERNED BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE INSTALLING OR USING THE
SOFTWARE ON BEHALF OF A LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU
HAVE THE ACTUAL AUTHORITY TO AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH ENTITY. 1. Definitions

1.1 “AxonIQ” means AxonIQ B.V., Vliegend Hertlaan 43, 3526 KT, Utrecht,
The Netherlands. 1.2 “Affiliate” means, with respect to a party, any
entity that controls, is controlled by, or which is under common control
with, such party, where “control” means ownership of at least 50% of the
outstanding voting shares of the entity. 1.3 “Agreement” means this open
core license agreement. 1.4 " Software" means the AxonIQ Software in
Object Code or Source Code in any file containing a header stating the
contents are subject to this License unless a License file present in
the directory subtree declares a different license. 1.5 "Derivative Work
of the Software" means, for purposes of this Agreement, any
modification(s) or enhancement(s) to the Software, which represent, as a
whole, an original work of authorship. 1.6 “Documentation” means the
user guides and manuals for the installation and use of the Software,
provided in electronic form. 1.7 "License" means a limited,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, fully paid up, royalty free, right and
license, without the right to grant or authorize sublicenses, solely for
your internal business operations to (i) install and use the applicable
Software in Object Code, and (ii) permit your contractors and your
Affiliates to use the Software as set forth in (i) above, provided that
such use by contractors must be solely for your benefit and/or the
benefit of your Affiliates, and you shall be responsible for all acts
and omissions of such contractors and Affiliates in connection with
their use of the Software that are contrary to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement. 1.8 "Marks and Notices" means all AxonIQ trademarks,
trade names, logos and notices present on the Documentation as
originally provided by AxonIQ. 1.9 "Non-production Environment" means an
environment for development, testing or quality assurance, where
software is not used for production purposes. 1.10 "Object Code" means
any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of
Source Code form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types. 1.11
"Source Code" means the preferred form of computer software for making
modifications, including but not limited to software source code,
documentation source, and configuration files. 1.12 “Software” means the
computer software programs in object code (machine-readable) form only
for which Licensee is granted a license hereunder, the Documentation
therefor and Updates thereto. 1.13 “Update” means: (i) supplemental
programs, if and when developed and distributed by AxonIQ, that may
contain bug fixes or improved program functions for the Software; and
(ii) a subsequent release of the Software, if and when developed by
AxonIQ, which AxonIQ makes available for licensees that have an annual
software support agreement. An Update does not include any release, new
version, option, or future product, which AxonIQ licenses separately.

2. Object Code End User Licenses, Restrictions and Third-Party Open
Source Software

2.1 Object Code End User License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
Section 2.2 of this Agreement, AxonIQ hereby grants to you, at no charge
and for so long as you are not in breach of any provision of this
Agreement, a License to the Software. 2.2 Reservation of Rights;
Restrictions. As between AxonIQ and you, AxonIQ and its licensors own
all right, title and interest in and to the AxonIQ Software, and except
as expressly set forth in Sections 2.1, and 3.1 of this Agreement, no
other license to the AxonIQ Software is granted to you under this
Agreement, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. You agree not to: (i) 
reverse engineer or decompile, decrypt, disassemble or otherwise reduce
any  AxonIQ Software provided to you in Object Code, or any portion
thereof, to  Source Code, except and only to the extent any such
restriction is prohibited  by applicable law, (ii) except as expressly
permitted in this Agreement,  prepare  derivative works from, modify,
copy or use the AxonIQ Software Object  Code or the Commercial Software
Source Code in any manner; (iii) except as  expressly permitted in
Section 2.1 above, transfer, sell, rent, lease,  distribute, sublicense,
loan or otherwise transfer, AxonIQ Software Object  Code, in whole or in
part, to any third party; (iv) use AxonIQ Software  Object Code for
providing time-sharing services, any software-as-a-service,  service
bureau services or as part of an application services provider or  other
service offering (collectively, "SaaS Offering") where obtaining access 
to the AxonIQ Software or the features and functions of the AxonIQ
Software  is a primary reason or substantial motivation for users of the
SaaS Offering  to access and/or use the SaaS Offering ("Prohibited SaaS
Offering"); (v)  circumvent the limitations on use of AxonIQ Software
provided to you in  Object Code format that are imposed or preserved by
any License Key, or (vi)  alter or remove any Marks and Notices in the
AxonIQ Software. If you have any question as to whether a specific SaaS
Offering constitutes a Prohibited SaaS Offering, or are interested in
obtaining AxonIQ's permission to engage in commercial or non-commercial
distribution of the AxonIQ Software, please contact license@axoniq.io.
2.3 Open source software. The Software may contain or be provided with
open source software, which may have applicable license terms as
identified or provided with the documentation. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, use of the open source software shall be subject
to the license terms and conditions applicable to such open source
software, to the extent required by the applicable licensor. Certain
components of the Software may be subject to open-source software
licenses ("Open-Source Components"), which means any software license
approved as open-source licenses by the Open Source Initiative or any
substantially similar licenses, including without limitation any license
that, as a condition of distribution of the software licensed under such
license, requires that the distributor make the software available in
source code format. The Software documentation includes an overview
including references to the licenses applicable to the Open-Source
Components. To the extent there is conflict between the license terms
covering the Open-Source Components and this Agreement, the terms of
such licenses will apply in lieu of the terms of this Agreement. To the
extent the terms of the licenses applicable to Open-Source Components
prohibit any of the restrictions in this Agreement with respect to such
Open-Source Component, such restrictions will not apply to such
Open-Source Component. To the extent the terms of the licenses
applicable to Open-Source Components require Licensor to make an offer
to provide source code in connection with the Product, such offer is
hereby made, and you may exercise it by contacting support@axoniq.io.
AxonIQ may also separately provide you with certain open source software
that is licensed by AxonIQ. Your use of such AxonIQ open source software
will not be governed by this Agreement, but by the applicable open
source license terms.

3. Commercial Software Source Code

3.1 Limited License. Subject to the terms and conditions of Section 3.2
of this Agreement, AxonIQ hereby grants to you, at no charge and for so
long as you are not in breach of any provision of this Agreement, a
limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, fully paid up royalty free
right and license to the Commercial Software in Source Code format,
without the right to grant or authorize sublicenses, to prepare
Derivative Works of the Commercial Software, provided you (i) do not
hack the licensing mechanism, or otherwise circumvent the intended
limitations on the use of the Software to enable features you are
entitled to as part of a Subscription, and (ii) use the resulting object
code only for reasonable testing purposes. 3.2 Restrictions. Nothing in
Section 3.1 grants you the right to (i) use the Commercial Software
Source Code other than in accordance with Section 3.1 above, (ii) use a
Derivative Work of the Commercial Software outside of a Non-production
Environment, in any production capacity, on a temporary or permanent
basis, or (iii) transfer, sell, rent, lease, distribute, sublicense,
loan or otherwise make available the Commercial Software Source Code, in
whole or in part, to any third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you
may maintain a copy of the repository in which the Source Code of the
Commercial Software resides, and that copy may be publicly accessible,
provided that you include this Agreement with your copy of the
repository. 3.3 High-Risk Use. Unless AxonIQ gives its prior written
consent and is consulted regarding the specific deployment, system
set-up and Software support plan, you have  no right to use (and must
not use) the Software in any application or situation where the failure
of the Software could lead to death or serious bodily injury of any
person, or to severe physical or environmental damage (“High Risk Use”).
High Risk Use does not include utilization of the Software for
administrative purposes, to store configuration data, engineering and/or
configuration tools, or other applications, the failure of which would
not result in death, personal injury, or severe physical or
environmental damage. You agrees to indemnify and hold harmless AxonIQ
from any third-party claim arising out of your use of the Software in
connection with any High-Risk Use. 3.4 Ownership. AxonIQ retains all
title, copyright and other proprietary rights in, and ownership of, the
Software regardless of the media upon which the original or any copy may
be recorded or fixed. The Software is licensed, not sold.

4. Verification/Audit

At AxonIQ’s written request, not more frequently than annually, you will
furnish AxonIQ with a signed certification verifying that the Software
is being used in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
AxonIQ may audit your use of the Software. Any such audit will be
conducted during regular business hours at your facilities and will not
unreasonably interfere with your business activities.

5. Limited Warranties and Disclaimers

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND AXONIQ AND ITS
LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY
REGARDING OR RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, AXONIQ AND ITS LICENSORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, AND WITH RESPECT TO
THE USE OF THE FOREGOING. FURTHER, AXONIQ DOES NOT WARRANT RESULTS OF
USE OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR FREE OR THAT THE USE OF THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED.

6. Confidentiality

The Software, including the Documentation, the terms under this
Agreement, and any other information that may be marked as confidential
is the confidential and proprietary information of AxonIQ (“Confidential
Information”). Results of any benchmark tests on the Software run by you
may not be disclosed outside of your organization without the prior
written consent of AxonIQ. Licensee will hold the Confidential
Information in strict confidence during the term of this Agreement and
for a period of five (5) years thereafter. You will take reasonable
steps to ensure that your employees, contractors and agents also comply
with the confidentiality obligations of this Section 6.

7. Liability Limitations

7.1 NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, IN
NO EVENT WILL AXONIQ, NOR ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE
CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING AXONIQ
LICENSORS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS,
BUSINESS, GOODWILL, REVENUE, DATA OR USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD
PARTY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT, EVEN IF AXONIQ HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

8. Third Party Software

The Software may incorporate, embed or be bundled with software or
components that are owned by third parties. Use of a AxonIQ Licensor’s
software or components is governed by the terms and conditions contained
in such AxonIQ Licensor’s end user license agreement, a copy of which
will be provided with delivery of such AxonIQ Licensor’s software.

9. General Terms

9.1 Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement will be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
Netherlands, excluding the U.N. Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods. All disputes, claims or controversies
arising out of or relating to this Agreement that are not resolved by
the parties’ good faith attempt to negotiate a resolution will be
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Amsterdam, the
Netherlands. 9.2 Export Restrictions. You agrees to comply fully with
all applicable international and national export laws and regulations,
including the U.S Export Administration Regulations and the Office of
Foreign Asset Control Regulations, as well as end-use and destination
restrictions issued by the U.S and foreign governments to assure that
neither the Software nor any direct product thereof are (i) exported,
directly or indirectly, in violation of export laws; or (ii) are
intended to be used for any purposes prohibited by the export laws. 9.3
Force Majeure. Neither party will be responsible to the other for any
failure or delay in its performance due to force majeure provided that
such party gives prompt written notice thereof to the other party and
uses its diligent efforts to resume performance. 9.4 AxonIQ may amend
these license terms and conditions at any time giving one months’ prior
notice. In case you do not agree to these modified terms you may
terminate this Agreement and cease using the Software. 9.5 Severability;
Waiver. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this
Agreement invalid or unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement will
be amended to achieve as nearly as possible the intent of the parties,
and the remainder of this Agreement will remain in full force and
effect. The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this
Agreement in one instance shall not operate or be construed as a waiver
of any subsequent breach of the same provision or any other provision of
this Agreement. 9.6 Notices. All notices required to be sent hereunder
will be in writing and addressed to the address shown on
https://axoniq.io). AxonIQ may give notices applicable to the Licensed
Software or the Support Services by means of a general notice on the
AxonIQ portal for its services, and notices specific to Licensee by
electronic mail to the e-mail address specified in the Software
Schedule. 9.7 Assignment. You may not assign this Agreement, in whole or
in part, without AxonIQ’s prior written consent. Any attempt to assign
this Agreement without such consent will be null and void. Subject to
the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each
party's permitted successors and assigns. 9.8 Survival. The Sections of
this Agreement that by their nature survive expiration or termination of
the Agreement include but are not limited to the following Sections, 4,
5, 6, 7, and 9. 9.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous agreements, written or oral, concerning the subject
matter of this Agreement. It is expressly agreed that the terms of this
Agreement will supersede the terms in any purchasing document submitted
by you; and the terms of any purchasing document are expressly rejected
to the extent inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.